So in the last lecture, we learned how to create a local filter with the filters property on our vue
instance or vue component and how to use it with the pipe symbol there.
You also learned that we need to pass a value and return the transform value, important again, that only
transforms the value that we see here in the template,
so it doesn't transform the data property, so it doesn't transform text,
it only transforms the output,
that's important to understand.
Now with that let's create a global filter here,
I already have a name, to-lowercase and there we want to pass the function as the second argument which
should get executed. Here of course we also get the value
and here I want to return the value to, whoops, to lowercase, like this,
so it does the opposite of the uppercase filter. With this filter set up.
I want to use it
and now I can also show you how to chain filters, I can simply add another pipe.
Now this filter here will then use all the content in front of it as an input,
so the text transform to uppercase is now the new value passed to to lowercase here.
Now let's save this
and we see now it's all lowercase because now the following happens,
I pass text to to uppercase, there it gets transformed to be all uppercase letters
and then I take this result and pass it to to lowercase,
there it gets transformed to be all lowercase letters which is what we see here.
And that really is it, that are filters, this is how we create our own filters both globally here
and locally here with the filters property, how we pass value, how we return it and how we can chain them.